Create ProblemsMotivations.md (#13)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDesign: ProblemsMotivations.md

> This is a list that collets problems and motivations related crypto wallets in general. This is not focusing on a specific implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list that collects problems and motivations related to crypto wallets in general. This is not focusing on a specific implementation.
```

> While we already have a working wallet it is worth to get back to the basics and re-evaluate: **What are the problems we want to solve in real life with a crypto wallet?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we already have a working wallet it is important to get back to the basics and re-evaluate: **What are the problems we want to solve in real life with a crypto wallet?**
```

So now please sit down and write 5 short sentences that start with, "My problem is, ..."

Helper questions: 

Regarding crypto...

> - What is your the biggest problem?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is your biggest problem?
```

> - Tell me your 3 most annoying problems?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is your top three most annoying problems?
```

- What is your pain-point?

- What do you spend the most time on?
- What do you spend the most money on?
- What is the most important thing for you?

# General Problems

- I don't know how to send/receive.
- Who can send me bitcoin?

- How and where can I buy bitcoin?

- Where can I get some help if I have problems?
- Who is storing my money?

- I don't know who to trust?
- Which software should I use?

- Why bitcoin?

> - How it is different from traditional banking system?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How is it different from the traditional banking system?
```

- Should I buy bitcoin or altcoins?

> - I cannot use the softwares, don't know what to do there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I cannot use the software, I don't know what to do there.
```

- I don't understand, I don't speak english.

> - How much fiat do I have currenly in my wallet?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How much fiat do I have currently in my wallet?
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- How much are the bitcoin in my wallet currently worth in fiat?
```

> - I am not sure that I am doing things in a proper way. My workflow is good or not?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I am not sure that I am doing things in a proper way. Is my workflow good or not?
```

> - What happens if I lost my device or stolen?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What happens if I lose my device or it gets stolen?
```

- I don't know if my wallet is safe if somebody gets my laptop.

> - I am not sure that I have writted down correcly my mnemonics and stored it in a safe way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I am not sure that I have written down correctly my mnemonics and stored it in a safe way.
```

> - I am not sure that I have backed up my wallet properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I am not sure that I have backed up my wallet properly.
```

> - I don't know what kind of private infomations am I sharing with who, when I am using a wallet. (comparison table)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I don't know what kind of private information am I sharing with who, when I am using a wallet. (comparison table)
```

> - I have to verify a lot of numbers when copy/paste bitcoin addresses, scary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have to verify a lot of characters when I copy/paste bitcoin addresses, which is scary.
```

- I didn't know that I have coins.

> - I don't know the exact fees. 
> - Confirmation time and fees how is it related. 
> 
> - Badly designed wallets. They are ugly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I don't know the exact fees.
- Confirmation time and fees how is it related.

- Badly designed wallets. They are ugly.
```

- The UI of the wallets are not good.

> - Different units used those are unknows sats, bitcoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Different units used that are unknown sats, bitcoin.
```

> - Unknown and not standardized terms used in different softwares. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unknown and not standardized terms used in different software.
```

> - I have to send my address every time I receive, complicated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have to send my address every time I receive, complicated.
```

- I want to have only one wallet with one backup, but somehow different profiles to separate businesses.

> - I want to have only one wallet even among devices (mobile phone and desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I want to have only one wallet even among devices (mobile phone and desktop).
```

> - I have to test the wallet in live with real money. What if I do something wrong and loose that money?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I have to test the wallet in live with real money. What if I do something wrong and lose that money?
```

> - I had to study bitcoin before the usage, learning curve. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I had to study Bitcoin before using it, learning curve.
```

- I am not able to personalize the feature in my wallet.
- I cannot use the same wallet software on every platform (desktop and mobile).

> - Interoperatibility between different wallets, bisq?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interoperability between different wallets, bisq?
```

# Motivations

- I want to invest in bitcoin.

> - I want to store my money. 
> - I want my financial privacy back. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I want to store my money.
- I want my financial privacy back.
```

# Problems

- I don't know how to send/receive.
- Who can send me bitcoin?

- How and where can I buy bitcoin?

- Where can I get some help if I have problems?
- Who is storing my money?

- I don't know who to trust?
- Which software should I use?

- Why bitcoin?
- How it is different from traditional banking system?
- Should I buy bitcoin or altcoins?

- I cannot use the softwares, don't know what to do there.

> - I don't understand, I don't speak english.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- I don't understand specific terminology.
- I don't speak english.
```

- How much fiat do I have currenly in my wallet?

- What happens if I lost my device or stolen?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- How can I segregate my transaction history?
```
